[Music]
hello hearts how are you well
my goodness what's going on in
social networks has appeared in some
media for example in ABC I don't know
in the brain if what I was thinking
youth no youth and age
often makes you act in an
improvised way and almost do not think about the
consequences no because look the best
still does it if it's wrong no but that
the serious and the su you will understand and
knowing how the eyes are pending on
her no look at you how is the thing that I have
done this is good the company on
the faces maybe it tangles no but it is
not sweet sweet will do or I mean this is the
instagram story of a friend of
her you can see that rocio at some point to
tag some friend on instagram or
maybe another day but they already follow her have
followed the friend on instagram to keep an eye on it
and to gossip and the friend takes
and uploads a story in which they are
dancing in the car they are singing
focuses backwards and there is rocio flowers
sitting on the boyfriend's knees
in one of these pos gets up have  a
sunroof in one of these x rises
and comes out over the head through the
window of the sunroof and stands up
in the car dancing it's like
my daughter my gun you don't know that this doesn't not
only that it goes against the rules and
against the traffic law you don't know that
in addition to these being recorded that you know that
everything is pending on everything that you
do that you have the slightest people
there pointing a gun my daughter let's
see this I'm telling you surely well
this surely some face maybe
whatever will have reported will have sent the
video to the DGT because they will have done this
and this well they will surely give him a
fine
I know many cases in which it has
happened well in fact it always happens like
someone someone on the internet has given
fines or that they eat okay I know that for
example macarena or tarps and him
and a policeman who did an interview with him that
youtube
said 100 I don't know if it's true or not
but because they caught them in a car he goes
ahead at sight without a seatbelt okay
then also with many cases of people
who have uploaded titles and
videos doing things for which I don't
know if Diego  arrabal would something happen to him
for what he did because come on, I think that's
where they should go, they almost had to
take away his license with everything he did
that day in the car, no, and on this occasion
for sure cars and two flowers at
any moment, at least or at
least they agree in a few months they will get
a fine, they will surely get
a fine this is a fine, well, for
not wearing a seatbelt it's 200 euros and for
not sitting in the seat where you have to
sit it's 80 euros, the fine for
not sitting where you have to sit is worth it, it
can go for the driver too and the
seatbelt is only worth it for her and
the youth and the heads like this
family what do you think of all this
or will she be reading it I send you a
huge hug and see you later
[Music]